.TH WMNUT 1 "01 June 2012" 
.SH NAME
WMNUT \- Dockable UPS Monitor
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B wmnut
[\-A T1 T2] [\-b BlinkRate] [\-B BeepVolume] [\-C CriticalLevel] [\-d display] [\-h] [\-l] [\-L LowLevel] [\-U upsname] [\-v] [\-V] [\-w]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
WMNUT is an UPS Monitor. It is used to visually display and
interpret details of up to 9 UPSs status via NUT \- Network UPS Tools
framework.
.PP
WMNUT is dockable using WindowMaker and AfterStep window\-managers;
under other window\-managers, WMNUT should be used with "\-w" option
to appear as a nicely\-sized 64x64 application with a background.
.PP
WMNUT provides the following information: 
.TP
\- Status of power supply (Blinking Red/Yellow/Green colored meter/battery),
.TP
\- Percentage of battery remaining (numeric and meter),
.TP
\- Load level percentage on output (numeric, if available),
.TP
\- Runtime to empty, ie time left to battery depletion (MM:SS),
.TP
\- Communication status with UPS (Blinking Red/Green "C").
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-A <T1 T2>            
Send messages to users terminals when Low and critical.
T1 is seconds between messages when Low.
T2 is seconds between messages when Critical.
.TP
.B \-b <BlinkRate>        
Blink rate for red LED. (0 for no blinking.)
.TP
.B \-B <Volume>           
Beep at Critical Level. Volume is between \-100% to 100%. This function has been disabled, at least temporarily.
.TP
.B \-C <CriticalLevel>    
Define level at which red LED turns on.
.TP
.B \-d <display>          
Use alternate display.
.TP
.B \-h                    
Display help screen.
.TP
.B \-l                    
Use a low\-color pixmap to conserve colors on 8\-bit displays.
.TP
.B \-L <LowLevel>         
Define level at which yellow LED turns on.
CriticalLevel takes precedence if LowLevel<CriticalLevel.
.TP
.B \-U <upsname>          
Define upsname ([upsname@]hostname, default is localhost).
You can use up to 9 call to \-U <upsname> to monitor multiple UPSs.
.TP
.B \-v                    
Print version (includes important WMNUT info).
.TP
.B \-V                    
Verbose mode : display NUT available feature and base value.
.TP
.B \-w                    
Windowed mode (opposite to native withdrawn mode for Window Maker).

.SH BUGS
None are known
.SH AUTHOR
Arnaud Quette <arnaud.quette@free.fr>
